Add information about cert-manager  post-install configuration (#923)
kubermatic/docs: content/kubermatic/master/installation/install_kkp_CE/_index.en.md

If you change your mind later on and adjust configuration options, it's safe to just run the installer again
to apply your changes.

### Configure ClusterIssuers

> By default, KKP installation uses cert-manager to generate SSL certificates for the platform. If you didn't decide to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a KKP installation uses cert-manager to generate TLS certificates for the platform. If you didn't decide to 
```

To be consistent with the term used for certs on this page.

change the settings (`kubermatic.certIssuer` in `values.yaml`), you need to create a `ClusterIssuer` object, named 
`letsencrypt-prod` to enable cert-manager to issue the certificates. Example of this file can be found below.
For other possible options, please refer to the [external documentation](https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/).

```yaml
apiVersion: cert-manager.io/v1

> kind: Issuer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kind: ClusterIssuer
```
